_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

<span style="color:#800020;">Update: I am actively seeking internship opportunities starting in January 2026 or May 2026. If my research and profile align with your interests, please feel free to contact me at persdre@gmail.com.</span>

I am now a Computer Science Ph.D. candidate at National University of Singapore, advised by Prof. [Bingsheng He](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~hebs/). 

At present, my research interest lies in **LLM Multi-Agent Systems; LLM Reasoning/Evaluation/Safety and Cryptocurrency**. I believe LLMs should be developed and deployed in a way that benefits all of humanity, not just a privileged segment. In addition, I have a strong interest in quantitative trading and practical experience through Kaggle-based quantitative research projects.


As a typical ENTP, I’m positive, outgoing, and full of curiosity. If you have any questions or research topics you’d like to discuss, please feel free to contact me at persdre@gmail.com. <span style="color:#800020;">I am always open to collaborations. If you share similar interests or see potential synergies, please feel free to reach out via email!</span>


# 🔥 News
- *2025.11*: &nbsp;Nominated as CVPR 2026 reviewer.
- *2025.10*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by LOG 2025 as an oral. 
- *2025.10*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by NeurIPS 2025 Lock-LLM workshop. [Towards Evaluating Fake Reasoning Bias in Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.13758).
- *2025.09*: &nbsp;Serve as a reviewer for MTI-LLM @ NeurIPS 2025 & ICLR 2026.
- *2025.08*: &nbsp;Our work [Position: The Current AI Conference Model is Unsustainable! Diagnosing the Crisis of Centralized AI Conference](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.04586) was reported by 机器之心 and 新智元. [Article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jRkiOny77nwTHTfxppc03g) [Article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/rCgF0IgPf9pk6yhkCQqZVg) Congrats to all collaborators!
- *2025.07*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by COLM 2025. **Looking forward to seeing you in Montreal!**
- *2025.06*: &nbsp;Two papers were accepted by ICML 2025 Multi-Agent Systems Workshop.
- *2025.06*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a PC member by CIKM 2025.
- *2025.05*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ICML 2025 LLM Multi-Agent Systems Workshop.
- *2025.05*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by ACL 2025 Findings. **Looking forward to seeing you in Vienna!**
- *2025.04*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for NeurIPS 2025.
- *2025.04*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted as oral by AI4X 2025.
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by JMIR Infodemiology after a two-year review process.
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;Two paper were accepted by ICLR 2025 FM-Wild Workshop. One was selected as oral (10/140).
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by ICLR 2025 Advances in Financial AI Workshop.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by TKDE.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ICLR 2025 LLM Reason and Plan Workshop.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ACL 2025.
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;Two papers were accepted to ICLR 2025 BlogPosts Track. **Looking forward to seeing you in Singapore!**
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a Program Committee for IJCAI 2025.
- *2024.11*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted to ACM Computing Surveys.
  
# 📝 Selective Publications 

(I have listed some of my first-author papers here. My complete list of publications is available on my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=KAGrBdoAAAAJ).)

- [COLM 2025] Assessing Judging Bias in Large Reasoning Models: An Empirical Study [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.09946)

- [ACL 2025 Findings] & [ICLR 2025 FM-Wild Workshop (Oral)] MegaAgent: A Large-Scale Autonomous LLM-based Multi-Agent System Without Predefined SOPs [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.09955) [Code](https://github.com/Xtra-Computing/MegaAgent)

- [LOG 2025 Oral] Less is More: Using Buffer Nodes to Reduce Excessive Majority Node Influence in Class Imbalance Graphs

- [EMNLP 2024] CryptoTrade: A Reflective LLM-based Agent to Guide Zero-shot Cryptocurrency Trading. [Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2024.emnlp-main.63.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/Xtra-Computing/CryptoTrade)

- [ICLR 2024] EX-Graph: A Pioneering Dataset Bridging Ethereum and X. [Paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=juE0rWGCJW) [Code](https://github.com/Persdre/EX-Graph)

# 💬 Projects

Here are a couple of projects I'm proud of:

- **QRT Football Game Prediction:** In the Kaggle-like QRT Data Challenge “Football: Can you guess the winner?”, I ranked 6th out of about 900 participants. You can read more about the challenge [here](https://challengedata.ens.fr/challenges/143).

- **SurviveSJTU Manual:** I authored a chapter for the latest edition of the SurviveSJTU Manual—an online survival guide for students at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. You can browse the manual and my contributions on GitHub [here](https://github.com/SurviveSJTU/SurviveSJTUManual).


# 💬 Invited Talks/Interviews

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk at Qube Research & Technologies’ Singapore office on leveraging LLMs to make fair and unbiased judgments about factors.

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about how to utilize LLMs to make trading decisions in cryptocurrency market at AI4X 2025.

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about LLM-based human simulations, invited by [Yunhai Wang](https://www.yunhaiwang.net/) of Renmin University of China. [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o1QLzx59E2pbUxGg935crnCGPt-fww4nTpRZ5KONi_w/edit?usp=sharing)
  
- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about her ICLR 2025 BlogPost "Can LLMs Truly Simulate Humanity? A Deep Dive" by AI Time. You can watch the video [here](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1JuRPYRECM/?share_source=copy_web&vd_source=cc8bcf9a00d3f9ba43eb256a2c7068bd).


- *2024*, Qian was interviewed by the Open Source Promotion Plan (OSPP), a summer program organized by the Institute of Software at the Chinese Academy of Sciences. You can read the interview [here](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MWJtW-cB_wXkXHsOHy2m3Q).


- *2023*, Qian was invited to give a talk of [EX-Graph](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01015) at The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (Guangzhou). [Slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Iy7wUvbZ-Z-7dLvlEY0CupCVrPX5GbyL/view?usp=sharing)

# 📖 Educations

- *2023 - Now*, Ph.D. Student, Computer Science, National University of Singapore
- *2019 - 2022*, Bachelor, Computer Science with a Minor in Economics, National University of Singapore
- *2017 - 2019*, Undergraduate, Chemistry, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

# 🏆 Awards
- *2025*, Graduate Student Travel Grant * 2, NUS
- *2024*, Research Achievement Award, NUS
- *2024*, [Venture Initiation Program@SoC (10K SGD)](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/entrepreneurship/awards/iepsoc/), NUS
- *2019 - 2022*, Ong Sin Seng & Lim Song Kie Bursary, NUS
- *2019*, Academic Scholarship, SJTU
- *2018*, Zhiyuan Honors Scholarship, SJTU
- *2018*, [Soh Bing Undergraduate Scholarship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuping_Scholarship), Shanghai
- *2017*, Zhiyuan Honors Scholarship, SJTU
- *2017*, Zhiyuan Honors Program (Top 5% in all undergraduates), SJTU
- *2016*, [Soh Bing High School Student Scholarship](https://baike.baidu.com/item/%E5%8F%94%E8%98%8B%E5%A5%96%E5%AD%A6%E9%87%91/15518392), Fuyang

# 💻 Internships

- *2022*, Algorithm Tutor, OI Wiki, GitHub
- *2021*, Backend Engineer Intern, Ant Group, Shanghai
- *2020*, Python Tutor, InterMine, University of Cambridge

# 🔥 Service
- *2025*, ICAIF 2025 Secure FinAI Contest Local Organizer
- *2023 - Now*, Seminar Organizer, Xtra Lab, NUS
- *2023 - Now*, Fire Warden, School of Computing, NUS

Commit message:

update my calendar for chat

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

<span style="color:#800020;">Update: I am actively seeking internship opportunities starting in January 2026 or May 2026. If my research and profile align with your interests, please feel free to contact me at persdre@gmail.com.</span>

I am now a Computer Science Ph.D. candidate at National University of Singapore, advised by Prof. [Bingsheng He](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~hebs/). 

At present, my research interest lies in **LLM Multi-Agent Systems; LLM Reasoning/Evaluation/Safety and Cryptocurrency**. I believe LLMs should be developed and deployed in a way that benefits all of humanity, not just a privileged segment. In addition, I have a strong interest in quantitative trading and practical experience through Kaggle-based quantitative research projects.

As a typical ENTP, I’m positive, outgoing, and full of curiosity. If you have any questions or research topics you’d like to discuss, please feel free to contact me at persdre@gmail.com. <span style="color:#800020;">I am always open to collaborations. If you share similar interests or see potential synergies, please feel free to reach out via email!</span>

I welcome connections and enjoy discussing a variety of topics, including (but not limited to) life choices, PhD applications, research, and personal experiences. I offer 30-minute chats, and we can converse in either English or Chinese. You can schedule a time that works for you here:

<h2>My Public Calendar</h2>

<iframe 
  src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=persdre%40gmail.com&ctz=Asia%2FSingapore"
  style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 700px;"
  frameborder="0"
  scrolling="no">
</iframe>


# 🔥 News
- *2025.11*: &nbsp;Nominated as CVPR 2026 reviewer.
- *2025.10*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by LOG 2025 as an oral. 
- *2025.10*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by NeurIPS 2025 Lock-LLM workshop. [Towards Evaluating Fake Reasoning Bias in Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.13758).
- *2025.09*: &nbsp;Serve as a reviewer for MTI-LLM @ NeurIPS 2025 & ICLR 2026.
- *2025.08*: &nbsp;Our work [Position: The Current AI Conference Model is Unsustainable! Diagnosing the Crisis of Centralized AI Conference](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.04586) was reported by 机器之心 and 新智元. [Article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jRkiOny77nwTHTfxppc03g) [Article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/rCgF0IgPf9pk6yhkCQqZVg) Congrats to all collaborators!
- *2025.07*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by COLM 2025. **Looking forward to seeing you in Montreal!**
- *2025.06*: &nbsp;Two papers were accepted by ICML 2025 Multi-Agent Systems Workshop.
- *2025.06*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a PC member by CIKM 2025.
- *2025.05*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ICML 2025 LLM Multi-Agent Systems Workshop.
- *2025.05*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by ACL 2025 Findings. **Looking forward to seeing you in Vienna!**
- *2025.04*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for NeurIPS 2025.
- *2025.04*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted as oral by AI4X 2025.
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by JMIR Infodemiology after a two-year review process.
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;Two paper were accepted by ICLR 2025 FM-Wild Workshop. One was selected as oral (10/140).
- *2025.03*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by ICLR 2025 Advances in Financial AI Workshop.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted by TKDE.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ICLR 2025 LLM Reason and Plan Workshop.
- *2025.02*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a reviewer for ACL 2025.
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;Two papers were accepted to ICLR 2025 BlogPosts Track. **Looking forward to seeing you in Singapore!**
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;Qian was invited to serve as a Program Committee for IJCAI 2025.
- *2024.11*: &nbsp;One paper was accepted to ACM Computing Surveys.
  
# 📝 Selective Publications 

(I have listed some of my first-author papers here. My complete list of publications is available on my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=KAGrBdoAAAAJ).)

- [COLM 2025] Assessing Judging Bias in Large Reasoning Models: An Empirical Study [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.09946)

- [ACL 2025 Findings] & [ICLR 2025 FM-Wild Workshop (Oral)] MegaAgent: A Large-Scale Autonomous LLM-based Multi-Agent System Without Predefined SOPs [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.09955) [Code](https://github.com/Xtra-Computing/MegaAgent)

- [LOG 2025 Oral] Less is More: Using Buffer Nodes to Reduce Excessive Majority Node Influence in Class Imbalance Graphs

- [EMNLP 2024] CryptoTrade: A Reflective LLM-based Agent to Guide Zero-shot Cryptocurrency Trading. [Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2024.emnlp-main.63.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/Xtra-Computing/CryptoTrade)

- [ICLR 2024] EX-Graph: A Pioneering Dataset Bridging Ethereum and X. [Paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=juE0rWGCJW) [Code](https://github.com/Persdre/EX-Graph)

# 💬 Projects

Here are a couple of projects I'm proud of:

- **QRT Football Game Prediction:** In the Kaggle-like QRT Data Challenge “Football: Can you guess the winner?”, I ranked 6th out of about 900 participants. You can read more about the challenge [here](https://challengedata.ens.fr/challenges/143).

- **SurviveSJTU Manual:** I authored a chapter for the latest edition of the SurviveSJTU Manual—an online survival guide for students at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. You can browse the manual and my contributions on GitHub [here](https://github.com/SurviveSJTU/SurviveSJTUManual).


# 💬 Invited Talks/Interviews

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk at Qube Research & Technologies’ Singapore office on leveraging LLMs to make fair and unbiased judgments about factors.

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about how to utilize LLMs to make trading decisions in cryptocurrency market at AI4X 2025.

- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about LLM-based human simulations, invited by [Yunhai Wang](https://www.yunhaiwang.net/) of Renmin University of China. [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o1QLzx59E2pbUxGg935crnCGPt-fww4nTpRZ5KONi_w/edit?usp=sharing)
  
- *2025*, Qian was invited to give a talk about her ICLR 2025 BlogPost "Can LLMs Truly Simulate Humanity? A Deep Dive" by AI Time. You can watch the video [here](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1JuRPYRECM/?share_source=copy_web&vd_source=cc8bcf9a00d3f9ba43eb256a2c7068bd).


- *2024*, Qian was interviewed by the Open Source Promotion Plan (OSPP), a summer program organized by the Institute of Software at the Chinese Academy of Sciences. You can read the interview [here](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MWJtW-cB_wXkXHsOHy2m3Q).


- *2023*, Qian was invited to give a talk of [EX-Graph](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01015) at The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (Guangzhou). [Slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Iy7wUvbZ-Z-7dLvlEY0CupCVrPX5GbyL/view?usp=sharing)

# 📖 Educations

- *2023 - Now*, Ph.D. Student, Computer Science, National University of Singapore
- *2019 - 2022*, Bachelor, Computer Science with a Minor in Economics, National University of Singapore
- *2017 - 2019*, Undergraduate, Chemistry, Shanghai Jiao Tong University

# 🏆 Awards
- *2025*, Graduate Student Travel Grant * 2, NUS
- *2024*, Research Achievement Award, NUS
- *2024*, [Venture Initiation Program@SoC (10K SGD)](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/entrepreneurship/awards/iepsoc/), NUS
- *2019 - 2022*, Ong Sin Seng & Lim Song Kie Bursary, NUS
- *2019*, Academic Scholarship, SJTU
- *2018*, Zhiyuan Honors Scholarship, SJTU
- *2018*, [Soh Bing Undergraduate Scholarship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuping_Scholarship), Shanghai
- *2017*, Zhiyuan Honors Scholarship, SJTU
- *2017*, Zhiyuan Honors Program (Top 5% in all undergraduates), SJTU
- *2016*, [Soh Bing High School Student Scholarship](https://baike.baidu.com/item/%E5%8F%94%E8%98%8B%E5%A5%96%E5%AD%A6%E9%87%91/15518392), Fuyang

# 💻 Internships

- *2022*, Algorithm Tutor, OI Wiki, GitHub
- *2021*, Backend Engineer Intern, Ant Group, Shanghai
- *2020*, Python Tutor, InterMine, University of Cambridge

# 🔥 Service
- *2025*, ICAIF 2025 Secure FinAI Contest Local Organizer
- *2023 - Now*, Seminar Organizer, Xtra Lab, NUS
- *2023 - Now*, Fire Warden, School of Computing, NUS
